Licensing update (#806)
Azure/azure-docs-powershell-azuread: azureadps-1.0/MSOnline/New-MsolUser.md

A random password is generated for the user.

### Example 2: Create a user and assign a license

>[!NOTE]

> > The **-LicenseAssignment** parameter is deprecated. Learn [how to assign licenses with Microsoft Graph PowerShell](/microsoft-365/enterprise/assign-licenses-to-user-accounts-with-microsoft-365-powershell). For additional information, see the [Assign License](/graph/api/user-assignlicense?view=graph-rest-1.0&tabs=powershell) Graph API reference page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The **-LicenseAssignment** parameter is deprecated. Learn [how to assign licenses with Microsoft Graph PowerShell](/microsoft-365/enterprise/assign-licenses-to-user-accounts-with-microsoft-365-powershell). For more info, see the [Assign License](/graph/api/user-assignlicense?view=graph-rest-1.0&tabs=powershell) Microsoft Graph API.
```

### -LicenseAssignment
Specifies an array of licenses to assign the user.

>[!NOTE]

> > The **-LicenseAssignment** parameter is deprecated. Learn [how to assign licenses with Microsoft Graph PowerShell](/microsoft-365/enterprise/assign-licenses-to-user-accounts-with-microsoft-365-powershell). For additional information, see the [Assign License](/graph/api/user-assignlicense?view=graph-rest-1.0&tabs=powershell) Graph API reference page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The **-LicenseAssignment** parameter is deprecated. Learn [how to assign licenses with Microsoft Graph PowerShell](/microsoft-365/enterprise/assign-licenses-to-user-accounts-with-microsoft-365-powershell). For more info, see the [Assign License](/graph/api/user-assignlicense?view=graph-rest-1.0&tabs=powershell) Microsoft Graph API.
```
